Updated contributing.md and the style guide (#670)
mosaicml/composer: STYLE_GUIDE.md

# Style and Conventions

### 2.1 Style Guide

Composer generally follows Google's
[Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html) for how to format and structure code.

### 2.2. Code Formatting

Composer uses the [yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf) formatter for general formatting,
[isort](https://github.com/PyCQA/isort) to sort imports, and
[docformatter](https://github.com/myint/docformatter) to format docstrings.

To (auto)format code, run

```bash
make style
```

To verify that styling and typing (see below) is correct, run:
```bash
make lint
```

The configuration is stored in [pyproject.toml](pyproject.toml).

## 3. Type Annotations and Typechecking

> Composer aims to annotate all functions with type annotations (introduced in
> [PEP 526](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0526/). Type annotations help statically catch `TypeError` and
> `AttributeError` bugs, in addition to other benefits, as outlined in the PEP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composer aims to annotate all functions with type annotations (introduced in
[PEP 526](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0526/)). Type annotations help statically catch `TypeError` and
`AttributeError` bugs, in addition to other benefits, as outlined in the PEP.
```
Missing close paren.

> Composer uses [PyRight](https://github.com/microsoft/pyright)

Reviewer: Pyright doesn't capitalize R. Also should probably just be lowercase to match usage below.

        will install everything in `install_requires`, along with `monai` and `scikit-learn`.
    1.  It must also be specified in the `run_constrained` and the `test.requires` section.
    1.  The import must be conditionally imported in the code. For example:

        ```python
        def unet():
            try:
                import monai
            except ImportError as e:
                raise ImportError(textwrap.dedent("""\
                    Composer was installed without unet support. To use unet with Composer, run: `pip install mosaicml
                    [unet]` if using pip or `conda install -c conda-forge monai` if using Anaconda""") from e
        ```

        This style allows users to perform minimal install of Composer without triggering `ImportError`s if
        an optional dependency is missing.

    1.  If the dependency is core to Composer, add the dependency to the `install_requires` section of
        [setup.py](./setup.py) and the `requirements.run` section of [meta.yaml](./meta.yaml).

### 6.2 Use of `__all__`

All public modules must define `__all__` to be the list of members that should be re-exported.

> The variable is necessary to limit what `from XXX import *` imports, and so the documentation build
> only documents exported members (and not unrelated re-imports).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variable is necessary to 1) limit what `from XXX import *` imports, and 2) ensure that the documentation only includes exported members, not unrelated re-imports.
```
A little hard to parse. Expected "and so" to elaborate on for first clause, not introduce a second list item; and expected "build" to be a verb initially.

```

## 7. Documentation

Composer uses [Google Style Docstrings](https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html).

The following guidelines apply to documentation.
1.  Each function that needs a docstring must have its input arguments and return statement (if not None) annotated.
1.  Each argument annotation should include the type. If the argument has a default value, the type annotation should
    specify "optional", and the docstring should say the default value. Some examples:

    ```python

    def foo(bar: int):
        """Foo.

        Args:
            bar (int): Required bar.
        """
        ...

    def foo2(bar: int = 42):
        """Foo2.

        Args:

>             bar (int, optional): Optional bar. (default: ``42``)

Reviewer: If we're going with
```...bar. Default: ``42`` ```
as the default value format, should show that here (and in below docstrings also)

Reviewer: Also I don't think we want people starting off with the word Optional in their variable descriptions (which the examples sort of suggest right now), so maybe change to something like:

```bar (int, optional): The first argument. Default: ``42`` ```

that can't as easily be read as suggesting particular free text content.

        ...

    def foo4(bar: Union[int, str] = 42):
        """Foo4.

        Args:
            bar (int | str, optional): Optional bar. (default: ``42``)
        """
        ...

    def foo5(bar: int) -> int:
        """Foo5.

        Args:
            bar (int): Required bar.

        Returns:
            int: Description of return statement.
        """
        ...

    def foo6(bar: int) -> Tuple[int, str]:
        """Foo6.

        Args:
            bar (int): Required bar.

        Returns:
            a (int): Returned value.
            b (str): Returned value.
        """
        ...
    ```

1.  For examples in docstrings, use `.. doctest::` or
    `.. testcode::` . See the [Sphinx Doctest Extension](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/doctest.html)
    for all of the available directives. Do not use `.. code-block::` for Python examples, as they are untested.

    Any test fixtures for doctests should go in [docs/source/doctest_fixtures.py](docs/source//doctest_fixtures.py)
    or in a `.. testsetup::` block.

    For example:
    ```python
    def my_function(x: Optional[torch.Tensor]) -> torch.Tensor:
        """blah function

        Args:

>             input (torch.Tensor, optional): Your guess.

Reviewer: Can you do Optional args with no default value? maybe just remove the Optional here
